Updated Gradle info (#10791)
flutter/website: src/content/deployment/android.md

+<style name="NormalTheme" parent="Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar">
```

> ## Sign the app {:#signing-the-app}

Reviewer: Please keep the separate anchor here so they both continue to work. There's old links to both headers from outside the site.

Author: In the site checks out as OK.

Reviewer: Yes in the site is fine, but these extra anchors are here for outside the side, such as from old framework and tool versions, other sites, etc.

    <application
        [!android:label="[project]"!]
        ...
    </application>
    ...
    [!<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET"/>!]
</manifest>
```

Verify the following values:

| Property             | Setting                                                                                                   |
|----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `application`        | Edit the `android:label` in the [`application`][applicationtag] tag to reflect the final name of the app. |
| `uses-permission`    | Add the `android.permission.INTERNET` [permission][permissiontag] value to the `android:name` attribute if your app needs Internet access. The standard template doesn't include this tag but allows Internet access during development to enable communication between Flutter tools and a running app. |

{:.table .table-striped}

## Review or change the Gradle build configuration {:#review-the-gradle-build-configuration}

To verify the Android build configuration,
review the `android` block in the default

> [Gradle build file][gradlebuild].

Reviewer 2: There can be multiple build.gradle files and it is hard to know which one is default. 
This code is normally in the android/app/build.gradle file

        [!applicationId = "com.example.[project]"!]
        // You can update the following values to match your application needs.
        [!minSdk = flutter.minSdkVersion!]
        [!targetSdk = flutter.targetSdkVersion!]
        // These two properties use values defined elsewhere in this file.
        // You can set these values in the property declaration
        // or use a variable.
        [!versionCode = flutterVersionCode.toInteger()!]
        [!versionName = flutterVersionName!]
    }

    buildTypes {
        ...
    }
}
```

### Properties to adjust in build.gradle

| Property             | Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Default Value               |
|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|

> | `compileSdk`         | The Android API level with which your app should be compiled.                                                                                                                                                      | `flutter.compileSdkVersion` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `compileSdk`         | The Android API level with which your app should be compiled.  This should normally be the highest version available.         
```

| `defaultConfig`      |  |  |
| `.applicationId`     | The final, unique [application ID][] that identifies your app.                                                                                                                                                     |                             |
| `.minSdk`            | The [minimum Android API level][] for which you designed the app to run.                                                                                                                                           | `flutter.minSdkVersion`     |

> | `.targetSdk`         | The target Android API level for which you designed the app to run.                                                                                                                                                | `flutter.targetSdkVersion`  |

Reviewer 2: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26694108/what-is-the-difference-between-compilesdkversion-and-targetsdkversion
This stackoverflow question does a good job explaining the difference
